Note case-sensitivity of CODEOWERS in CODEOWNERS syntax docs (#13708)
github/docs: content/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners.md

A CODEOWNERS file uses a pattern that follows most of the same rules used in [gitignore](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore#_pattern_format) files, with [some exceptions](#syntax-exceptions). The pattern is followed by one or more {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} usernames or team names using the standard `@username` or `@org/team-name` format. Users must have `read` access to the repository and teams must have explicit `write` access, even if the team's members already have access. You can also refer to a user by an email address that has been added to their account on {% ifversion ghae %}{% data variables.product.product_name %}{% else %}{% data variables.product.product_location %}{% endif %}, for example `user@example.com`.

If any line in your CODEOWNERS file contains invalid syntax, the file will not be detected and will not be used to request reviews.

> CODEOWNERS paths are case sensitive, because GitHub uses a case sensitive file system. Since CODEOWNERS are evaluated by GitHub, even systems (e.g. MacOS) that are case insensitive should ensure that paths and files are cased correctly in the CODEOWNERS file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CODEOWNERS paths are case sensitive, because {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} uses a case sensitive file system. Since CODEOWNERS are evaluated by {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}, even systems that are case insensitive (for example, macOS) must use paths and files that are cased correctly in the CODEOWNERS file.
```
